add manix (#135)
nix-community/awesome-nix: README.md

* [alejandra](https://github.com/kamadorueda/alejandra) - An opinionated Nix code formatter optimized for speed and consistency.
* [comma](https://github.com/nix-community/comma) - Quickly run any binary; wraps together `nix run` and `nix-index`.

> * [manix](https://github.com/mlvzk/manix) - Find documentation on Nixpkgs, NixOS, and Home Manager.

Author: ```suggestion
* [manix](https://github.com/mlvzk/manix) - Find configuration options and function documentation for Nixpkgs, NixOS, and Home Manager.
```
